Combine sidebars for TFC/TFE (#1319)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/index.html.md

---
layout: "cloud"
page_title: "Home - Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise"
description: |-
  Terraform Cloud is an application that helps teams use Terraform to provision infrastructure.
---

# Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise

This is the documentation for Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise.

> Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise are different distributions of the same application; this documentation applies to both of them except when we specifically state otherwise.

Reviewer: Alternative wording to remove "we" since I'm not sure if the document is meant to be written in the first-person perspective. Feel free to ignore.

```suggestion
Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise are different distributions of the same application; this documentation applies to both of them except when specifically stated otherwise.
```

> For expediency, we usually refer to the application as Terraform Cloud within this documentation.

Reviewer: Alternative wording to remove "we" since I'm not sure if the document is meant to be written in the first-person perspective. Feel free to ignore.

```suggestion
For expediency, this documentation refers to the application as Terraform Cloud.
```
